Chazz: WHAT DO YA
MEAN, YOU DON'T
LIKE THE PAINT JOB?!
LOOK, CHAZZ,
THIS INSTITUTION
HAS RULES!
YOU CAN'T JUST CREATE
A NEW DORM WITH A FEW
BUCKETS OF PAINT!
BESIDES, CROWLER'S PARTIAL
TO THE COLOR BLUE.
WHAT? AND WHAT
CROWLER SAYS GOES?
WELL, HE IS
THE SCHOOL CHANCELLOR.
BUT IF ANOTHER DORM WERE TO,
HOW SHOULD WE SAY, WELL,
WERE TO SUDDENLY DISAPPEAR
FROM ACADEMY ISLAND
WITHOUT A TRACE,
CROWLER WOULD HAVE
TO RECOGNIZE YOU!
[TOILET FLUSHING]
WHY'S THAT?
IF YOU GET RID OF
THE SLIFER RED DORM,
THEN I'LL GUARANTEE
YOUR WHITE DORM
WILL TAKE ITS PLACE!
[CHUCKLES]
AND AFTER THAT,
NO ONE WILL STAND
IN THE WAY OF
THE SOCIETY OF LIGHT,
NOT EVEN JADEN!
AH-CHOO!
[SNIFFLING]
THE FOOL.
THIS MEANS THAT JADEN
WILL PLAY AN IMPORTANT
ROLE IN MY PLAN.
BUT WILL HE STAND BY MY SIDE,
OR JUST STAND IN MY WAY?
HE MUST BE TESTED AGAIN.
[CELL PHONE RINGING]
IS EVERYTHING IN PLACE?
JUST ABOUT, SIR.
WHEN THIS KID'S
DONE WITH HIM,
JADEN'S GUARANTEED
TO SEE THE LIGHT.
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
[ITALIAN-AMERICAN ACCENT]
AY, BADA-BING!
[CHUCKLING]
YOU ALIENS THINK YOU
CAN TAKE ON LORENZO?
[CHUCKLING]
FUGGEDABOUTIT!
STOP WASTING QUARTERS.
THERE'S BUSINESS
TO TAKE CARE OF.
ALL RIGHT.
SO YA NEED ME
TO WORK OVER
THIS JADEN KID?
WE JUST NEED YOU
NEED TO DUEL HIM
AND WIN, OK, LORENZO?
THEN OUR DORM
WILL BE ABLE TO TAKE
OVER THE SCHOOL.
REMEMBER, THIS ISN'T
SOME VIDEO GAME!
I'LL DO WHAT I
GOTTA DO, PAISANS.
I HOPE SO.
HA. AND YOU'RE NEXT, JADEN!
BADA-BING! DAT'S
WHAT I'M TALKIN' ABOUT!
AH-CHOO!
UGH. I THINK I'M ALLERGIC.
TO WHAT? THOSE
FOUR GALLONS
OF COLOGNE?
COLOGNE?
YEAH, JAY. WHEN DID
YOU PLAN TO TELL US?
YOU KNOW, ABOUT THIS
SECRET DATE OF YOURS...
WITH ALEXIS!
"OH, MY DEAREST,
SWEETEST JADEY-POO.
"PLEASE MEET ME IN
THE PLANETARIUM TODAY.
"AND BRING YOUR CARDS,
SO WE CAN DUEL
UNDER THE STARS."
SHE SAID ALL THAT?
UH...
MORE OR LESS.
SYRUS MAY HAVE
EMBELLISHED A BIT.
Boy: WHAT'S YOUR
PROBLEM, JADEN?
Second boy: YEAH.
YOU LOSE YOUR WATCH?
UH, I'M LATE?
YEAH. BY OVER
AN HOUR.
NOW, THAT'S JADEN!
HE'LL NEVER LEARN.
WHOA. WHAT IN
TARNATION IS THAT?
IF YOU INSIST ON
COMING, YOU HAVE TO BE
QUIET, HASSLEBERRY.
Alexis: THIS MUSEUM
HOLDS LEGENDARY
DUELING ARTIFACTS,
INCLUDING THE VERY
FIRST DUEL DISK.
SO, UH...
WHAT'S THE DEAL WITH
YOUR NEW THREADS, ALEXIS?
WELL, I GUESS
I'VE TRADED UP.
OH. AND ONE MORE THING.
I HAVEN'T BEEN
ON TOO MANY DATES,
BUT AREN'T THEY USUALLY
LIMITED TO TWO PEOPLE?
WHAT MAKES YOU
THINK THIS IS
A DATE, JADEN?
Wow.
Jaden: A DUEL DOME?
JAY-MAN!
HOW YOU DOING?
WHAT DO YA SAY WE DIM
THE LIGHTS AND GET STARTED?
[SNAPS FINGERS]
Bastion: HOW VERY ROMANTIC.
Hassleberry:
FUNNY, PRIVATE.
WHO'S THE NEW GUY?
JUST DA THREE-TIME VIDEO
GAME CHAMPION: LORENZO!
NOW LET'S DO THIS!
Jaden: STILL NOT
RINGING A BELL.
Syrus: WHO ARE YOU?
LORENZO IS
A PRO, DESPITE
THE BAD ACCENT.
REALLY?
THAT'S RIGHT, SLACKER!
Jaden: CHAZZ?
THE ONE AND ONLY.
JADEN, READY TO
DUEL OR NOT?
HMM?
SINCE YOU'RE
ALWAYS LOOKING
FOR A CHALLENGE,
THIS DUEL'S
GONNA WORK OUT
FOR BOTH OF US.
YOU WIN
AND, WELL, THEN
CONGRATULATIONS.
YOU LOSE, AND THE
SLIFER RED DORM IS
FINALLY TORN DOWN.
WHAT DO YA SAY?
THAT DOESN'T SOUND
TOO FAIR.
IT'S NOT!
DON'T DO IT.
THEM'S IS
UNEQUAL STAKES!
HEY, BOYS, SOUNDS LIKE
JADEN'S AFRAID TO DUEL.
NO WAY! JADEN'S NOT
SCARED OF YOU!
PROVE IT!
LET'S THROW DOWN.
SURE. WHY NOT?
I MEAN, HOW MANY TIMES
DO YA GET TO DUEL A PRO?
Lorenzo:
AY, FUGGEDABOUTIT!
BADA-BING! YA KNOW
WHAT I'M SAYING?!
Jaden: NOT REALLY,
BUT LET'S DUEL!
HERE WE GO! AH, YEAH!
ARMORED CORE! GET
OVER HERE, WILL YA?
NOT BAD, RIGHT?
AND THIS AIN'T JUST
ANY INTERGALACTIC
STAR CRUISER, YA KNOW.
THIS BABY'S GOT LEATHER
SEATS, TINTED WINDOWS.
FUGGEDABOUTIT!
OH, AND I'LL THROW
THESE DOWN, TOO.
NOT BAD, BRO.
NOT BAD.
I'LL PLAY THIS!
MY ELEMENTAL HERO,
BURSTINATRIX!
IMPRESSED YET?
WELL, JUST WAIT,
'CAUSE I
ACTIVATE
SKYSCRAPER!
AND THANKS TO
THE SUDDEN CHANGE
IN REAL ESTATE,
I GET A BONUS!
SINCE MY ELEMENTAL
HERO HAS
LESS ATTACK POINTS
THAN YOUR MONSTER,
SHE GETS
AN EXTRA GRAND!
ALL RIGHT,
BURSTINATRIX,
ATTACK!
BIG MISTAKE!
HUH?
YOU SEE, WISE-GUY,
YOU JUST SET OFF
THIS HERE TRAP CARD
CALLED ALERT!
NOW I CAN LET LOOSE
ONE OF MY FACE-DOWN
SPELL CARDS!
YOU READY FOR THIS, PAL?
ANYTIME, BRO.
ALL RIGHT, THEN I PLAY
MY BOSS RUSH SPELL CARD!
SINCE YOU SMASHED UP
MY ARMORED CORE
PRETTY GOOD,
MY BOSS RUSH CAN
PITCH IN AND HELP ME OUT.
IT'S A BEAUTIFUL THING,
'CAUSE NOW I CAN
SUMMON ANOTHER MONSTER
TO TAKE HIS PLACE.
PLUS, MY SPELL
STICKS AROUND.
A CONTINUOUS
SPELL CARD?
SO EVERY TIME HE
LOSES A MONSTER,
HE CAN JUST REPLACE IT
WITH ANOTHER ONE!
IT'S JUST LIKE
A VIDEO GAME!
ONE OF MY GUYS GETS
WHACKED AND BADA-BING,
I GET ANOTHER ONE!
SO I CAN'T LOSE!
Jaden: WELL, I
WOULDN'T GO THAT FAR,
'CAUSE I'M JUST
GETTING' WARMED UP!
NOW I'LL THROW DOWN
A FACE-DOWN
AND THEN I'LL
ACTIVATE THIS CARD.
MY CLIMAX HOUR SPELL!
SO AFTER THREE
TURNS, WHEN I
DRAW A CARD,
IF IT HAPPENS
TO BE A MONSTER CARD,
I'M IN LUCK,
'CAUSE I'LL BE ABLE
TO DITCH THE SUMMONING
REQUIREMENTS
AND PLAY IT RIGHT AWAY!
SO WHAT?!
I MEAN, THREE TURNS FROM NOW,
THIS MATCH WILL BE OVER!
MAMA MIA! WHAT A WASTE!
DON'T BE SO SURE,
LORENZO,
'CAUSE THE DUEL
IS STILL YOUNG!
TRUST ME, JAY-MAN,
YOU'RE GOIN' DOWN.
CAPISCE?
NOW LET ME SHOW YA HOW
WE DO THINGS BACK HOME!
I'M GONNA WHIP OUT
MY CYBER SUMMON
BLASTER!
WHAT'S THAT DO?
WHENEVER LORENZO SUMMONS
A MACHINE MONSTER,
HIS NEW BLASTER TAKES
300 POINTS FROM JADEN!
TALK ABOUT A TRAP.
DON'T FORGET,
THANKS TO MY BOSS RUSH,
I STILL GOT
A MONSTER COMIN' TO ME.
NOW, WHICH PAISANO
WILL IT BE?
I GOT SO MANY TO CHOOSE
FROM, I CAN'T DECIDE!
HA HA. HOW ABOUT THIS!
B.E.S. TETRAN!
NOW, REMEMBER
MY TRAP CARD?
SUMMON BLASTER?
THAT'S RIGHT!
SINCE I JUST PLAYED
A MACHINE, YOU GET
SOME OF THIS!
AAH!
IT'LL TAKE MORE
THAN THAT TO WIN!
I'VE GOT PAISANOS, TOO!
Jaden, thinking:
NOW, I'M NOT MUCH
OF A VIDEO GAMER,
BUT I'M GUESSING
HIS SPACESHIP HAS
A WEAK SPOT.
AND I THINK I KNOW
WHERE IT IS!
HOLD ON!
I KNOW WHAT YOU'RE
PLANNING TA DO!
AND IT AIN'T GONNA WORK!
YOU THINK YOU CAN TAKE
DOWN MY TETRAN,
BUT YA CAN'T HIT
WHATCHA CAN'T REACH!
SO I PLAY
SHIELD RECOVERY!
IT PUTS A FEW OBSTACLES
BETWEEN YOU AND MY
TETRAN'S POWER SOURCE.
PLUS, MY CRUISER HAS
A SPECIAL ABILITY!
OH!
IF I REMOVE ONE
OF ITS SHIELDS,
ONE OF YOUR SPELL
OR TRAP CARDS
HAS NO CHOICE BUT
TO GO ARRIVEDERCI!
AH!
TIME FOR A CHANGE
OF SCENERY.
I'M TEARING YOUR
CITY DOWN!
BUT THAT MEANS...
[GASPING]
SO MUCH FOR
YOUR BIRD, PAL!
TETRAN, ATTACK!
NOT SO FAST!
FLAME STORM!
UGH.
AAH!
JADEN!
MY WORD!
JAY-MAN, THE NEXT HIT IS
COMIN' STRAIGHT FOR YOU!
BADA-BING!
NO MORE PLAYIN' AROUND!
I ACTIVATE
MY HERO SIGNAL!
YEAH? SO?
SO, YOU'RE NOT
THE ONLY ONE
WHO CAN REPLACE
HIS MONSTERS,
'CAUSE THANKS
TO THIS CARD,
AFTER YOU DESTROY
ONE OF MY HEROES,
I CAN SUMMON
A NEW HERO THAT'S
LEVEL FOUR OR LESS
FROM MY DECK,
LIKE HIM.
MY ELEMENTAL HERO BUBBLEMAN!
LIKE HIM? WELL, JUST
WAIT TILL YOU SEE
HIS SPECIAL ABILITY!
AS SOON AS
HE'S SUMMONED,
AS LONG AS I DON'T
HAVE ANY OTHER CARDS
ON MY PLAYING FIELD,
I CAN DRAW TWO CARDS
FROM MY DECK!
YOU COULD TAKE TEN!
LONG AS I GOT THEM SHIELDS,
MY MONSTER'S GOLDEN!
SO THROW DOWN YOUR CARDS
AND LET'S MOVE ON, HUH?
IN THAT CASE, HERE
GOES SOMETHING!
I SUMMON THIS...
MY SPARKMAN!
THEN I'LL ADD THIS...
DRUM ROLL, PLEASE...
MY ELEMENT
SWORD SPELL!
THANKS TO
THIS SWORD, HE GETS
A LITTLE BOOST...
AN 800 ATTACK POINT
BOOST TO BE EXACT!
NOW, SPARKMAN,
GET THAT SHIELD!
ATTACK WITH ELEMENT
SWORD SLASH!
AH!
ALL ITS DEFENSES
ARE DOWN!
ALL RIGHT. BUBBLEMAN,
YOU KNOW WHAT TO DO!
TAKE DOWN HIS TETRAN!
ARE YOU KIDDING ME
OR WHAT, JAY-MAN?
YOU'RE ONLY
HURTIN' YOURSELF!
[GRUNTING]
[CHUCKLING]
YOU FORGOT ABOUT
MY SPELL CARD, DIDN'T YA?
Hassleberry:
BOSS RUSH!
Syrus: THAT'S RIGHT!
NOW LORENZO CAN SUMMON
A REPLACEMENT MONSTER
TO THE FIELD!
YOU KNOW IT!
B.E.S. CRYSTAL CORE,
YOU'RE ON, PAL!
OH, YEAH! NOW
MY BLASTER ACTIVATES!
OPEN WIDE!
AAH!
NOT BAD.
BUT THIS TIME,
YOUR SPACESHIP DOESN'T
HAVE ANY SHIELDS!
SO IT'S WIDE OPEN,
WHICH MEANS IT WON'T
BE AROUND FOR LONG.
GUESS AGAIN, WISE-GUY!
LORENZO'S ALWAYS
GOT A PLAN!
JUST WATCH AND LEARN!
FIRST UP, LET'S LIGHT
THE FUSE ON THAT
SPARKPLUG OF YOURS!
WHAT'S HE YAPPIN'
ABOUT? CHECK THE POINTS.
SPARKMAN COULD EASILY
TAKE DOWN HIS
FLOATING RUST BUCKET!
NOT IF IT'S PACKIN'
A SPECIAL EFFECT!
ONCE A TURN, I CAN BRING ONE
OF YOUR BOYS TO HIS KNEES!
ARE YOU CATCHIN'
MY DRIFT?
NOW YOUR SPARKMAN'S
IN DEFENSE MODE!
NOW, CRYSTAL CORE ATTACK!
NOW UNFORTUNATELY,
MY CRYSTAL CORE IS ONLY
GOOD FOR ONE TURN.
SO AS MY GRANDMA
SAYS, CIAO!
HIS SHIP WENT TO
THE GRAVEYARD!
BUT THAT MEANS...
HE CAN CALL FOR BACK-UP!
YOU GOT IT!
I SUMMON BIG CORE!
WHAT'S THE MATTER
WITH YOU?
YOU LOOK LIKE
YOU'RE IN SHOCK, JAY-MAN!
AAH!
IT'S JUST LIKE A VIDEO GAME.
I BLAST EVERYTHING IN SIGHT!
YOU GOT IT ALL WRONG.
DUELING'S ABOUT
WAY MORE THAN THAT.
HUH?
HEY, YA DON'T GO
PUTTIN' DOWN VIDEO GAMES
IN THE PRESENCE OF
THE THREE-TIME VIDEO
GAME CHAMP. CAPISCE?
I DIDN'T MEAN TO.
OH, YEAH? SAYS YOU!
WELL, WHO ELSE
WOULD SAY IT?
WILL YOU JUST GET
TO THE POINT? COME ON!
WELL, FIRST, DUELING'S
NOT ABOUT BLASTING
WHATEVER GETS
IN YOUR WAY.
IT'S ABOUT CAREFULLY
STUDYING YOUR
OPPONENT'S DECISIONS.
YEAH, AND PLANNING
THE RIGHT STRATEGY!
PLANNING AND STUDYING?
WHAT'S WITH HIM?
AW. JADEN'S GROWING UP.
OH, WELL. IT WAS
BOUND TO HAPPEN.
DON'T WORRY, GUYS!
NOTHING'S CHANGED!
I DUEL FOR
ONE REASON...
TO HAVE FUN!
EH?
AND THIS MOVE'S
GONNA BE A BLAST!
SWEETNESS!
I NEVER PLAYED
THIS GUY BEFORE.
CHECK THIS OUT.
I SUMMON NEO-SPACIAN
GRAND MOLE!
Bastion: ANOTHER
EXTRATERRESTRIAL HERO!
OK, GET IN THERE!
OK, BOSS.
YOU GOTTA BE KIDDIN' ME!
A RAT WITH BUCK TEETH?
IT'S NOT A RAT! HE'S
AN ALIEN MOLE-MAN!
SAY WHAT?!
ATTACK HIS BIG CORE!
[GASPING]
WHAT?!
Syrus: JADEN, NO! YOUR
MOLE'S GONNA BE ROAD-KILL!
WHAT GIVES?
[WINCING]
AH!
AAH!
Both:
WE TOLD YOU!
BUT LOOK!
SINCE BIG CORE
DOESN'T HAVE
ANY SHIELDS,
BOTH OF THEM
ARE DESTROYED!
HEH, HEH, HEH. ATTACK
ME ALL YA WANT.
AS LONG I GOT BOSS RUSH,
ANYTIME ONE OF MY
MONSTERS DECIDES TO SPLIT,
I CAN JUST SUMMON
ANOTHER ONE!
CONSTANT PROTECTION!
I'M GOLDEN!
NOT ANYMORE, LORENZO,
THANKS TO MY MOLE'S
SPECIAL ABILITY,
THAT IS!
BOSS RUSH!
IT'S BACK IN MY HAND!
EVERY TIME
MY GRAND MOLE'S
IN A BATTLE,
HE GOES BACK INTO
HIS OWNER'S HAND,
ALONG WITH
THE MONSTER
HE FOUGHT!
BUT, BOSS RUSH...
IS FINISHED!
AND IT'S ABOUT TIME!
SEE YA!
THIS IS
EXACTLY WHAT
JADEN NEEDED!
I'LL PLAY THIS
AND LET YOU GO!
UH, FINE, THEN.
WATCH THIS!
I'LL PLAY...
UH... UGH.
WITHOUT HIS
SPELL CARD,
LORENZO'S
UNABLE TO SUMMON
THE MONSTERS
IN HIS HAND!
BUT I CAN! HERO CALL!
THIS TRAP CARD LETS ME
PICK A MONSTER
AND PUT HIM ON
THE TOP OF MY DECK!
AND I CHOOSE THIS...
ELEMENTAL HERO NEOS!
NOT SO FAST!
THANKS TO MY STAGE
SELECT SPELL, HE WON'T
BE THERE FOR LONG,
'CAUSE NOW I GET
TO SHUFFLE YOUR DECK!
SO HOW DO YA LIKE THIS?!
BADA-BING!
I'LL SHUFFLE
THESE BOYS REAL GOOD!
BETCHA NEVER SEEN
MOVES LIKE THAT!
YOU SHOULD CHILL...
OR CUT DOWN ON
THOSE CAPPUCCINOS.
YOU DON'T GET IT, DO YA?
I GOTTA PROVE MYSELF
TO SARTORIUS!
THEN HE'LL START BOOKING
ME SOME REAL DUELS!
I GOTTA WIN THIS!
THAT'S WHAT
THIS IS ABOUT?
WELL, WELL. LOOKS
LIKE THIS KID DOESN'T
CARE ABOUT THE CAUSE.
WELL, THEN HE HASN'T
SEEN THE LIGHT.
WAIT TILL
SARTORIUS HEARS.
Lorenzo: STAGE SELECT COMES
WITH ANOTHER LITTLE TRICK.
IT LETS ME PICK A CARD
FROM MY DECK
AND SLAP IT
RIGHT ON TOP!
SO NEXT TURN,
THAT BABY'S MINE!
Lorenzo, thinking:
THIS PUNK DOESN'T KNOW
WHAT'S HE'S IN FOR!
AS SOON AS I LET LOOSE
MY MYSTICAL SPACE TYPHOON,
I'LL BE SITTIN' PRETTY!
FEEL THAT? IT'S ME
BREATHIN' DOWN YOUR NECK!
SORRY, PAL, BUT YOU'RE
ALL OUT OF LIVES!
HEY, L-MAN,
THE DUEL ISN'T OVER
UNTIL THE LAST
CARD'S PLAYED,
AND YA
KNOW WHAT? I STILL
GOT A FEW CARDS LEFT!
SEE, YOU MADE
THE MISTAKE
OF USING UP
ALL YOUR BEST CARDS
RIGHT AWAY.
BUT SAVING THE BEST
FOR LAST,
NOW THAT'S WHAT I
CALL EXCITEMENT!
EH, I DON'T NEED
YOUR ADVICE!
NO OFFENSE, KID,
BUT I'VE MET CANNOLIS
THAT ARE TOUGHER THAN YOU!
CANNOLIS?
THAT'S NOT COOL!
NOW YOU GOT ME
HUNGRY!
NOW HOW 'BOUT WE
END THIS AND GET
SOME LUNCH?
IN FACT, I'VE GOT
JUST THE CARD
TO DO IT!
SO, GOOD THING
IT'S MY TURN NOW!
HUH?
NOW HERE GOES
SOMETHING!
YEAH? WELL?
CHECK IT OUT! NEOS!
BUT I SHUFFLED
YOUR DECK!
AND HE'S TOO STRONG.
YEAH, THAT'S RIGHT!
YOU CAN'T SUMMON
THAT GUY WITHOUT A SPECIAL
CARD OR SOMETHING!
OH. LIKE THIS?
HA, HA, HA!
I SAVED THE BEST
FOR LAST!
IT'S MY CLIMAX
HOUR SPELL!
AND IT'S JUST
THE CARD I NEED,
'CAUSE AS LONG
AS THIS BAD BOY
IS ON THE FIELD,
I CAN SUMMON
A MONSTER,
NO MATTER HOW
POWERFUL IT IS.
YO, NOW,
THAT GUY'S COOL!
[LAUGHING]
ELEMENTAL HERO NEOS,
SHOW HIM HOW COOL
YOU REALLY ARE!
[GRUNTING]
AH! AH, AH!
THAT'S GAME!
Bastion:
GOOD SHOW, JADEN!
ALL RIGHT!
OH, WELL. YA SEE
THAT, GUYS?
THAT'S WHAT HAPPENS
WHEN YOU'RE ONLY
LOYAL TO YOURSELF.
YOU CAN'T FOOL
THE LIGHT.
IT'S MY FAULT.
GUESS I WAS LOOKIN' FOR
THE FAST TRACK TO THE TOP.
I WAS WRONG.
A LITTLE BIT OF PATIENCE
NEVER HURT ANYONE.
NICE GAME, PAISANO.
HUH?
[BOTH CHUCKLE]
SO, THINK YOU CAN GIVE
ME A FEW POINTERS?
Jaden: SURE!
CALL ME ANYTIME,
LORENZO!
HOLD ON.
COME TO THINK OF IT,
DON'T YOU OWE ME
A COUPLE OF CANNOLIS?
[CHUCKLES]
Sartorius, voice-over:
FOOLISH BOY...
AH!
YOUR FUTURE IS WITH ME!
LORENZO?
AH!
Hassleberry:
WHAT HAPPENED?
Lorenzo: IT'S
MASTER SARTORIUS.
HA! HE'S MADE
ME STRONGER!
THANKS TO HIM,
I CAN FINALLY
SEE THE LIGHT!
HUH? COME ON.
YOU'RE KIDDIN' ME,
AREN'T YOU?
Chazz: LORENZO'S
BEEN REBORN.
HUH?
AND SOON, IT'S
GONNA HAPPEN
TO ALL OF YOU!
[CHUCKLING]
♪ CHILLING
OUT WITH YOUR CREW ♪
♪ IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING
TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT
CLASS, THEY NEVER
TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS
YOU GOTTA LEARN
HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM
ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR
GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET
YOUR GAME ON ♪